c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll.config
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.pdb
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.dll
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.Common.dll
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Models.Common.dll
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.pdb
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.dll.config
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.Common.pdb
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Models.Common.pdb
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll
c:\users\ucenik\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\ucenik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\ucenik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll.config
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.pdb
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Models.Common.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.Common.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.pdb
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.dll.config
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Models.Common.pdb
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.Common.pdb
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll
D:\Photo\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.pdb
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll.config
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.pdb
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Models.Common.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.Common.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.pdb
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.dll.config
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Models.Common.pdb
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.Common.pdb
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll
E:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.pdb
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll.config
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.pdb
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Models.Common.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.Common.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.pdb
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.DAL.dll.config
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Models.Common.pdb
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Photo.Repository.Common.pdb
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.dll
D:\Photo-Aplikacija\Photo.Repository\obj\Debug\Photo.Repository.pdb
